This directory has the code, makefiles, some data, etc. for the csw
libraries.  The course_cpp and course_rest directories are not part
of the csw build.  They are exaamples from a couple of Udemy courses.
The code is here as useful notes on basic stuff.

In case you are wondering about the name "csw", it is the initials of a
company that I tried to start about 20 years ago.  I have kept it for
notalgic reasons if for nothing else.

There are several directories with a bunch of stuff in each.  A brief
description of each directory follows.  As I continue the effort to move
this all to "more modern technology" I hope to put README files in each
directory with more detail on each directory.


hlevutils

  This has a small amount of C++ code that seems to need separation 
  for clean builds.  There probably is a better way, but here it is 
  and it seems to work.

images

  This has some gif files used for some polygon pattern fills and
  a java class to utilize them.

j3d

  This has (mostly) java files for 3d surface rendering.  The surfaces
  are things that contour maps are generally made from.  These are not
  surfaces in the gaming sense of the word.  The 3d surface rendering
  has not been tested as of 11/21/2017.

jar

  This has some jar files installed from "system" packages.  I keep a
  copy here for safety sake.  These copies are not directly used in
  building the software.

jeasyx

  This has java, C++ and C files used for the graphics system.  The
  system is driven from java with jni (java native interface) calls to
  the C and C++.  There is a bunch of stuff here.

jogl

  Files for the jogl (java opengl) code.  This has jar files and native
  shared libraries.  Jogl is freely available.  I will let you look into
  it more if you are interested.

jsurfaceworks

  This has java, C++ and C files for calculating and manipulating
  surfaces.  Rectangular grid surfaces and triangle meshes are available.
  There is a bunch of stuff here.  The java code provides the api for
  calculating the surfaces.  Java native interface (jni) is used to
  do the actual surface calculation in c++ code.

jtest

  Simple test programs that exercise code from jeasyx and jsurfaceworks.
  I have put a README in this directory explaining current limitations.

jutils

  A few java files with commonly used utilities.

lib

  Destination where the build process puts jar files (java archives) and
  shared libraries (from C and C++),  The "system" shared libraries
  installed from java, jogl, etc are also located here.

little_stuff

  Some odds and ends that may not be useful any more, but I will keep
  them for now.

surfaceworks

  This has the C++ code for calculating and manipulating surfaces.  This
  is pretty much home grown by Glenn.  There is a bunch of stuff here.

uistuff

  Some java classes and gif files used by the graphics panel in jeasyx.

utils

  Some common utilities used by the C and C++ code.  There is a bunch
  of stuff here as well



mysql  (Added 1/7/2018)

  Some java code and mysql scripts to load and access a simple spatial
  data base.  There is no real data.  I just generated random data for
  use in learning some mysql skills.  The random data is not stored in
  git.


gradle

  Simple gradle build for the JEasyXTest application.  I just did this to
  learn a little about gradle.


